The IAB is currently in the process of reviewing its liaison management and oversight function. Liaison handling is an important responsibility of the IAB and therefore the IAB wants to improve its processes and ensure this responsibility is implemented adequately. The goal is to make processes for liaison management and processing of liaison statements more clear and transparent to the community. This activity also aims to ensure continuity of knowledge by finding better approaches to improve the knowledge transfer between the IAB and a broad range of community experts.

As a first step the IAB has established a new Liaison Coordinator position. This position replaces the liaison shepherd structure that the IAB has established to handle its oversight role of the liaison manager system. This change should not impact the work of the liaison managers itself, except that there is now a clear contact point for them as well as for the community regarding any liaison-related requests towards the IAB. The IAB hopes that this change will also help in future to improve coordination and communication between the liaison managers and the IAB, and the IAB is further actively working towards these kinds of additional improvements. 

This repo holds the working copy of the description of the new IAB Liaison Coordinator role. This text is supposed to be published in the IAB wiki when finalised. 

The current job description of the IAB Liaison Shepherd role, which will be replaced when ready, can be found here: https://www.iab.org/wiki/index.php/Liaison_Shepherd_Job_Description
